[clang-tidy] add `ctime` and `localtime` to `clang-tidy` (#110366)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Improvements to clang-tidy
--------------------------

> - Added `ctime` and `localtime` to clang-tidy.

Reviewer: This belongs to `Changes in existing checks` section. Please also follow format for such entries.

Author: Sorry about that. I will move this.

  the configuration options of the `Clang Static Analyzer Checks
  <https://clang.llvm.org/docs/analyzer/checkers.html>`_.

> - Added `ctime` and `localtime` to clang-tidy.

Reviewer: This was mentioned in section about changes in existing checks.

Changes in existing checks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Improved :doc:`bugprone-unsafe-functions

Reviewer: Please keep alphabetical order (by check name) in this section.

>   <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/unsafe-functions>`, added `ctime` and `localtime`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/unsafe-functions>` by adding ``ctime`` and ``localtime`` functions.
```

But please make sure to follow 80 characters limit.

>   to unsafe functions check in clang-tidy.

Reviewer: Not needed.

Changes in existing checks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - New unsafe functions checks :doc:`bugprone-unsafe-functions-check`

Reviewer: Format is still inconsistent with other entries.

Author: I think I understand now. I had the wrong path. I have fixed it now.

Author: The `:doc:` was also wrong. I have fix that now.

Changes in existing checks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Added `ctime` and `localtime` to clang-tidy.

Reviewer: Please follow format of other entries in this section.

Author: Sure, I have updated the release notes text. Could you please check if it is ok?

Changes in existing checks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - New unsafe functions checks :doc:`bugprone-unsafe-functions-check`

Reviewer: This entry is not needed, because it duplicates `bugprone-unsafe-functions` entry below.

Author: Sure, I can remove this.

  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/branch-clone>` check to improve detection of
  branch clones by now detecting duplicate inner and outer if statements.

> - New unsafe functions checks :doc:`bugprone-unsafe-functions

Reviewer: Check was added in other pull request.

- Improved :doc:`bugprone-unsafe-functions
  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/unsafe-functions>` check to allow specifying
  additional functions to match. Added `ctime` and `localtime`

>   to unsafe functions check in clang-tidy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to unsafe functions list.
```

Entire section is about Clang-Tidy and this particular entry is about check.
